okay guys are both channels working now
so you know sorry about that I just play
some cables on like what are the cables
messed up you guys need to tell me these
things so you know like it's been like
this it was been like this for a while I
didn't know I was running for an hour
nobody said anything about the channel
so to me it sounds totally fine but I
can't tell if i asked you guys all right
apologies so it's drag God
where's is espe-
yeah yeah the sound went out because I
unplugged it asks off some cables around
so it is the game video good i need to
turn it up more guys please let me know
ihop
okay that's good now alright cool thanks
so anyway drag God going in with soul
the best soul drag god I'll kidding
ICP Oh drag all right lego super let's
go ahead
oh oh my god we got it see the blocks
haha poor dragon god
yo J guys look kind of those glasses so
he's got a smile even when he gets
bodied anyway everything is these gucci
now so things all right sorry about that
channel blow up but yeah that's why I
talk to you guys well I always could ask
me hey guys this people came but you
know sometimes like it is an issue I
can't be aware of it you guys say
anything
you
Oh is there a noise oh so I unplugged my
isolator I'll Paul get it back in after
the Spanish
anyway track god
haha poor guy come on track God not like
this
I feel like minus I me a little bit on
autopilot why doesn't respect I got too
much just a guess good stagger all out
on a block kind of water by the block I
got you good luck all that
bye as a full control right now
nice office 14
and at this point why RC o could end it
there thank God dropping it what was
that what the hell is that he's just
straight mashing straight mashi straight
bashing hahaha below up anyway let me
cut the sound again for a second Wow